is Barack Hussein Obama a Christian stem
cell research voted for having Illinois
endorse embryonic stem cell research
blow me he voted against the cloning ban
in two thousand but voted for in 2001
before Obama had a hundred percent
rating from the Illinois Planned
Parenthood Council for his support of
abortion rights family planning services
and health insurance covered female
contraception abortion 1997 Obama twice
voted present on the Illinois partial
birth abortion ban abortion twice Obama
voted against bills prohibiting tax
funding of abortion aboard in 2001 he
voted present on a bill to notify
parents when their minor children seek
an abort abort in February 2004a bama's
wife Michelle sent out a fundraising
letter which actually stated her
concerns over the rise of conservatism
in the country and that the so-called
partial birth abortion was a legitimate
medical practice that should be
protected abort
when he was asked the child you might
miraculously survived the sentence of
death by abortion be protected from an
abortion doctor after surviving Senator
Obama said no were drugged these six
things the Lord hates yay seven are an
abomination unto him a proud look a
lying tongue and hands that shed
innocent blood powder 617 porn shops and
through clothes also in 2001 he voted
present an ability pornographic books
and video stores and strip clubs from
setting up within 1,000 feet schools and
churches which are super league in 1999
he was the only Illinois
Center to vote against the bill buying
early release for criminal sex offenders
Ramona Obama voted against filtering
pornography on school and library
computers and he voted for sex education
for kindergarten children through the
5th grade lumisource row senator Obama
is written I am not willing to have the
state deny American citizens a civil
union that confers equivalent rights of
such basic manners as hospital
visitation or health insurance coverage
simply because the people they love are
of the same sex nor am I willing to
accept the reading of the Bible that
considers an obscure line in Romans to
be more defining Christianity than the
Sermon on the mouth the word of
Leviticus 18 22 thou shalt not lie with
mankind as with womankind dude is an
abomination
Obama is truly turning out to be one of
the greatest performers of all time
Obama's biggest ad is that he calls
himself a Christian from abomination
dot-com I find your lack of faith
disturbing